hi I'm Cassie from BBC curd food and I'm
going to show you how to make honeycomb
also known as hokey-pokey so this is a
really easy recipe all you need is some
caster sugar some bicarbonate of soda
and some golden syrup now before you
start you want to make sure you've got
everything prepared so I've got a tin
lined and a nice big pan ready to go I'm
going to start by melting the sugar and
golden syrup in a pan a really good tip
is to oil your tablespoon before you
measure out the golden syrup this will
just prevent the golden syrup from
sticking to the spoon
now I'm just going to melt that over a
low heat until the sugars dissolved and
once dissolved you can increase the heat
and bubbled caramel until it's a nice
deep amber color give it a stir every
now and then just to help the sugar
crystals to dissolve once the bike hubs
in stir really quickly and the honeycomb
will foam up which is why you need nice
big pan then just tip that straight into
your pet pin being really careful
because it's super hot just leave it at
room temperature for about half an hour
until it's nice and firm and then you
can break it into shards the honeycomb
is nice and firm now so it's ready to
use you can stare at you ice cream or
use it to top a tart or do I do and just
break it into big shards to serve a
coffee and that's how you make honeycomb
by BBC good food